you
this lecture is about the text-based or
prediction in this lecture we're going
to start talking about the mining are
different than find the knowledge as you
have you can see here on this slide
namely women to use text data to infer
values of some other variables in the
real world that may not be directly
related to the text or only remotely
related text data so this was very
different from content analysis or topic
mining where we directly characterize
the content of text it's also different
from opinion mining or sentiment
analysis which still have to do with
characterizing mostly the content only
that we focus more on the subjective
content which reflects what we know
about the opinion holder but this only
provides limited review of what we can
predict in this lecture ended the
following lectures we're going to talk
more about how we can predict the more
information about the war how can we get
sophisticated pennons of text together
with other kind of data it would be
useful to first take a look at the big
picture of prediction in the remaining
in general and I call this the remaining
loop so the picture that you are seeing
right now is that there are multiple
sensors including humans as in sensors
to report what we have seen in the real
world in the form of data and of course
the data in the form of non health data
and the text data and our goal is to see
if we can predict some values of
important real-world variables that
matter to us for example someone's
health condition or the weather or
etcetera and so these variables would be
important because we might want to act
on that
might want to make decisions based on
that so how can get from the data to
these predictive values well in general
we'll first have to do data mining and
analysis of the data because we in
general should treat all the data that
we collected in such a prediction
problem set up we are very much
interested in join the mining of Napster
and the text data we should mind all
that they are together and then through
the analysis we generally can generate
the multiple predictors of this
interesting variable to us and we call
these features and these features can
then be put into a predictive model to
actually predict the value of any
interesting variable so this then allows
us to change the world and so this
basically is the general process for
making a prediction based on data
including text there now it's important
to emphasize that a human actually plays
a very important role in this process
especially because of the involvement of
text data and so human first would be
involved in the mining of the data it
will control the generation of these
features and also help us understand in
the text data because texts that are
created to be consumed by humans humans
are the best in consuming or
interpreting text data but when there
are of course a lot of text data then
machines have to help and that's why we
need to do text data mining sometimes
machines can see parenting a lot of data
that humans may not see but in general
human would play an important role in
analyzing text data in all applications
next human also must be involved in
predictive model building and adjusting
or testing it so in particular we will
have a lot of domain knowledge about the
problem of prediction that we'll have
build into this predictive model and
then next of course when we
have predictive values for the variables
then humans would be involved in taking
actions to change the world or make
decisions based on these predicted
values and finally it's interesting that
human could be also involved in
controlling the sensors and this is so
that we can adjust the sensors to
collect the most useful data for
prediction so that's why I call this
data mining loop because as we perturb
the sensors to collect the new data and
more useful data then we will obtain
more data for prediction and these there
are generally would help us improve the
prediction accuracy and in this loop of
humans will recognize what additional
data need to be collected and machines
would of course help humans
identify what data should be collected
the next in general you know we want to
collect data that are most useful for
learning and this there is actually a
sub area in machine learning called
active learning there has to do business
how do you identify data points that
would be most helpful for machine
learning programs if you can label them
so in general you can see there's a loop
here from data acquisition to data
analysis for the remaining two
prediction of values and to take actions
to change the world and now observe what
happens and then you can then decide
what additional data have to be
collected by adjusting the sensors or
from the prediction errors you can also
know what additional data we need to
acquire in order to improve the accuracy
of prediction and this big picture is
actually very general and it's
reflecting a lot of important
applications of big data so it's useful
keep that in mind while we are looking
at some text mining techniques so from
text mining perspective and we're
interested in text-based prediction of
course sometimes text alone can make
predictions and this is most useful for
prediction about the human behavior of
and preferences or opinions but in
general attacks that would be put
together with not active data so the
interesting questions here would be
first how can we design effective
predictors and how do we generate such
effective predictors from text this
question has been addressed to some
extent in some previous lectures where
we talked about what kind of features we
can design for text data and it has also
been addressed to some extent by talking
about the other knowledge that was a
mine from text so for example topic
mining can be very useful to generate
the patterns or topical based indicators
or predictors that can be further fed
into a predictive model so topics can be
intermediate representation of text that
would allow us to design high level of
features or predictors that are useful
for prediction of some other variable it
may be although it's generated from
original text data it provides a much
better representation of the problem and
it serves as more effective predictors
and similarly sentiment analysis can
lead to such predictors as well so those
are the data mining or text mining
algorithms can be used to generate the
predictors the other question is how can
we join in the mind text and non text
data together now this is a question
that we have not addressed yet so in
this lecture and then the following
lectures we're going to address this
problem because this is where we can
generate a much more enriched the
features for prediction and allows us to
review a lot of interesting knowledge
about the world these patterns that are
generated from text and non-cash data
themselves can sometimes already be
useful for prediction but when they are
put together with many other predictors
they can really help improving their
self prediction basically you can see
text the basis of prediction camp
reserved as a unified framework to
combine many attacks mining and then
analysis techniques including topic
mining and content any Content mining
techniques or sentiment analysis the
goal here is mainly to infer values of
real-world variables but in order to
achieve the goal we can do some other
preparations and these are subtasks so
once a class but could be mine mine the
content of text data like topic mining
and the other could be the mind
knowledge about the observer so
sentiment enhancer opinion lenses and
both can help provide predictors for the
prediction problem and of course we can
also add non-taxpayer directly to the
predictive model but then non-tax there
are also helps provide a context for
text analysis and that further improves
the topic of mining and the opinion
analysis and such improvement that often
leads to more effective predictors for
our problems it would enlarge the space
of patterns of opinions or topics that
we can mine from text as well as discuss
more later
so the join the analysis of text and non
facts data can be actually understood
from two perspectives in one perspective
we can see non text data can help text
mining because long text data can
provide a context for mining text data
provide a way to partition tested on
different ways and this leads to a
number of techniques for contextual text
mining and that's the mind text in the
context to define the by nanotech data
and you can see this reference here for
a large body of work in this direction
and we're going to highlight some of
them in the next lectures now the other
perspective is text that I can help but
not have the remaining as well and this
because toeffler can help interpret
parents
discover from that text there this
savory discover some freaking the
patterns from non-text ale now we had
used the text there are that are
associated with instances where the
pattern occurs as well as text data that
are associated with instances where that
parent does not occur and this gives us
two sets of texts of data and then we
can see what's the difference and this
difference in packs data is interpret
both because text command is easy to
digest and that difference might have
suggest some meaning for this pattern
that we found from non text data so the
helps interpret it such patterns and
this technique is called a pattern
annotation and you can see this
reference list through here for more
detail so here are the references that I
just mentioned that the first is the
reference for pattern annotation the
second is child remains dissertation on
the contextual text mining it contains a
large body of work on contextual text
mining techniques
you